docs: Replace rr diagram from alter cluster + add to clusters concept… (#30169)
MaterializeInc/materialize: doc/user/content/concepts/clusters.md

determines the number of replicas provisioned for the cluster. Each replica of
the cluster provisions a new pool of compute resources to perform exactly the
same work on exactly the same data.

Provisioning more than one replica for a cluster improves **fault tolerance**.
Clusters with multiple replicas can tolerate failures of the underlying
hardware that cause a replica to become unreachable. As long as one replica of
the cluster remains available, the cluster can continue to maintain dataflows
and serve queries.

{{< note >}}

- Each replica incurs cost, calculated (at one second granularity) as cluster
  [size](#sizing-your-clusters) * its replication factor. See [Usage &
  billing](/administration/billing/) for more details.

- Increasing the replication factor does **not** increase the cluster's work
  capacity. Replicas are exact copies of one another: each replica must do
  exactly the same work (i.e., maintain the same dataflows and process the same
  queries) as all the other replicas of the cluster.

  To increase the capacity of a cluster, you must increase its [size](#sizing-your-clusters).

{{< /note >}}

> Materialize automatically assigns names to replicas like `r1`, `r2`. You

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Materialize automatically assigns names to replicas (e.g., `r1`, `r2`). You
```

Reviewer: For consistency with the other mention in `/alter-cluster`.

> can view information about individual replicas in the console and the system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
can view information about individual replicas in the Materialize console and the system
```

## Overview

> Clusters are pools of compute resources (CPU, memory, and scratch disk space)

Author: https://preview.materialize.com/materialize/30169/concepts/clusters/

resources to perform exactly the same computations on exactly the same data.

Provisioning more than one replica for a cluster improves **fault tolerance**.
Clusters with multiple replicas can tolerate failures of the underlying hardware
that cause a replica to become unreachable. As long as one replica of the
cluster remains available, the cluster can continue to maintain dataflows and
serve queries.

{{< note >}}

Increasing the replication factor increases the cluster's **fault tolerance**;
it does **not** increase the cluster's work capacity. Replicas are exact copies
of one another: each replica must do exactly the same work (i.e., maintain the
same dataflows and process the same queries) as all the other replicas of the
cluster.

To increase a cluster's capacity, you should instead increase the cluster's
[size](#size).

{{< /note >}}

Materialize automatically assigns names to replicas like `r1`, `r2`, etc. You
can view information about individual replicas in the console and the system
catalog, but you cannot directly modify individual replicas.

Clusters that contain sources and/or sinks can only have a replication factor of

> `0` or `1`.

Author: Will remove from the concepts page but will leave in the alter cluster page until the change.
